I am building a liminal space,
which sounds crazy,
but it's happening and this is something
that I wanted to do for
years now.
Really since I came to know liminal
spaces
back in 2019, 2020. If you don't know
what a liminal space is, I'll put some
pictures up here and maybe it will ring
some bells. As you may already know,
most of these images are not real.
They're generated in a 3D software
apart from a few of them, which I've
been lucky enough to visit one of them,
one of the most popular liminal spaces,
the liminal space hotel. You know, even
when I first developed my fascination
for liminal spaces,
I couldn't shake the desire to just want
to be there,
like actually be there,
because what they made me feel, the
feeling they invoked within me, even
just through the screen,
was of such clarity and internal
alignment and stillness that I had never
experienced before. And at the time, it
always felt like such a distant dream.
But,
since then I've come to the realization
that I just do my best in general when I
throw myself into something. But, why
does this affect you?
Well, if you already are familiar with
liminal spaces,
or maybe you even have a bit of a
fascination for them yourself, then you
probably have already felt the kind of
feelings that they invoke within you.
Um and if you haven't, then I urge you
to simply go on YouTube and type in
liminal space playlist or or playlist
for exploring liminal spaces and just
read the comments. People write
paragraphs in the comments
and they're describing what they feel
and the kind of mental state that
liminal spaces in general bring them to.
So, this isn't really just a matter of
an internet aesthetic. This isn't simply
cool pictures online.
This is something that transcends that,
and it's affecting people and moving
people,
and helping people in a very, very deep
way
internally.
But until this point,
all this has been done just simply
through the screen.
And my goal is to bring this experience
into real life, something that's
tangible,
that somebody can immerse themselves
within
for an extended period of time,
and
experience a complete internal
transformation. Because the world that
we live in today is filled with noise.
It's filled with distraction and chaos,
and it's really not
healthy for the mind, the body, or the
spirit.
But
given the nature of the world, it's
really hard to kind of get away from
those things,
given that we kind of have to function
within society, and that's the way it's
been built up.
So,
it's really no one's fault, but it's
just the way it is.
The liminal space that I'm creating will
be specifically designed to allow
somebody to remove themselves
from this type of environment, one of
distraction and chaos, with the
intention of allowing the individual
to reach a place of internal clarity and
alignment that will allow them to really
see and understand who and what they are
to a very deep degree
that
will transform their life. Now, what
this results in for the average
individual that exists within this type
of environment
is a real lack of sense of self, a lack
of identity. And when you don't really
understand your true nature, you know,
who and what you really are,
then you really lose a sense of how to
orient yourself in the world,
um what you truly align with,
the right and wrong decisions to make,
as well as a lack of direction and
clarity
in the present time and also in the
future.
And this just leaves people feeling
depressed, anxious, and
and really just that their everyday life
lacks meaning and purpose. So,
if we want to understand our identity to
a deeper degree,
and our identity is found within, then
we need to remove the distractions. We
need to remove the noise,
and allow the dust to settle
so that we can see what is real and what
is pure. I mean, just think about it,
you know, you wake up,
you probably go on social media
the first thing in the morning. Maybe
you have work or you have school for 8
hours, and maybe you go to the gym
afterwards, and you're listening to
music all the time, and
you know, you go out and you hang out
with friends, and you socialize, and you
also sleep for 8 hours, so you're just
not conscious for 8 of those hours.
Maybe you play video games or watch TV.
It's really rare that we're ever just
kind of with ourselves in silence and
without distraction. And so, if our
identity is something that's found
within,
and
all of our waking hours are spent
invested in things that are external,
outside of us,
then
how can we understand who and what we
really are?
I mean,
it only makes sense, you know what I
mean? So, at its core, the main use case
for the liminal space
is to allow the individual to isolate
and immerse themselves within an
environment that is removed from
distraction, and is specifically
designed to allow the internal state to
start working as it's designed to,
to start putting things into alignment
and removing what is not pure, what is
not really of you. And these types of
things would be like insecurities,
doubts, fears,
limiting beliefs, and you know, skewed
perspectives on yourself
and the way you perceive your life. All
the things that hold us back as
individuals
cuz they aren't of you. You know, it's
not those things aren't really your true
nature. These are kind of things that
have found their way into your
subconscious and have burrowed
themselves there
um through past experiences and
judgments of others and
from the world as well, from culture and
trends and society in general.
Um
we're always throughout time as we exist
within society being programmed to some
degree
uh subconsciously. This is mainly where
those things come from.
So, you could think of it like a detox
from those things in a way, allowing you
to immerse and empower
your identity,
the real one. I actually just got back
from a month-long trip to Asia where I
spoke about liminality with some of my
followers, which was an amazing
experience for me.
I can't even put it into words
how
what it feels like to experience seeing
this grow its legs
and whatever you want to call it, a
concept, an ideology, a
a philosophy, a
I don't even know. Just just
You know, I've actually learned to not
put a label on it or try and
you know, describe it accurately or have
the expectation that I will
accurately describe liminality and what
it feels like
in words because it's just not
in its nature.
Um
I truly believe that the realest
the most profound, the most significant,
the
truest things in life are better felt
than said.
And seeing it begin to change people's
lives all around the world the same way
it has for me. I mean, liminality is the
very reason I'm here today talking to
you.
It's the very reason that I've
accomplished all my lifelong goals
like, you know, achieving 100,000
followers or subscribers on on YouTube.
Which now I where at over 300,000, which
is amazing.
Um
you know, my personal brand in general
has has reached over a million and a
half followers across all platforms and
I'm able to travel around the world and
host events and speak to you guys
face-to-face
about these ideas and about these
concepts.
You know, it's just a blessing. It
really is. I have no other words for it.
But these are the early stages. You
know, I really just entered this new
chapter. So all of the progress that I
make in bringing this vision of mine to
fruition
will be shown in these videos. You know,
the ideation, the concepts,
and then speaking to thought leaders and
experts in specific fields that are
related to this, traveling around the
world and actually speaking with you
guys face-to-face,
diving deeper into this concept and this
idea and this vision, you know, just
getting more eyes on it, getting more
people talking about it.
Because
man, I just I just know that this is
going to leave a massive impact on the
world. I just I just do. Um
I guess you can call it an intuition,
but
I've dedicated and I am dedicating my
life to it, so
you can bet I believe that
with 100% certainty.
But I want to hear your guys' ideas,
your experience with liminality, with
liminal spaces.
Um more specifically as well. How has it
moved you? How has it changed you? How
has it helped you?
What do you think of them? You know,
just I want to hear more about it from
you guys. So, you can bet that I will be
reading through all of your comments
about liminality.
Nonetheless, I appreciate your time and
I will see you soon.